# OpenJS Foundation Security Collab Space Meeting 2023-08-14

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/52

## Present

* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
* Steve (@shusak) - Capital One
* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Ben Sternthal (@bensternthal)
* Ulises Gascon (@UlisesGascon)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **security-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/security-collab-space

* Are SBOMâ€™s mature enough that we can proceed with writing a guide for OpenJS Projects? [#18](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/18)
   * Joe - an opportunity to lead and inform. Perhaps there are more specific issues than SBOMs
   * Jordan - 
    * Ben can we have a recommendation of what we think, what we suggest by the end of the quarter, rather than a complete end to end SBOM solution
   * Joe, call out the things we dont know (could be good areas where folks can contribute)
   * Robin - what are the mandates happening in other eco-systems and how do those apply or not
   * Chris - OpenSSF has a working group for SBOM everywhere 
     * https://github.com/ossf/sbom-everywhere
   * Jordan - will rewrite issue to capture scope as discussed and start work \o/

* Get Feedback On Draft "OpenSSF CII Best Practices Badge for JS Projects" [#50](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/50)
  * Please get feedback to jordan by end of week!

* Having a centralized signing tool for our toolchain [#46](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/46)

* Create a prescriptive best practices toolchain [#45](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/45)
   * Joe - is scorecard forkable, and can we make changes that are more applicable to OpenJS?
   * Ulises - they are working on new api for scorecard, might be a good time for us to suggest changes without having to fork. GOSST Team made a demo in the Node.js Security WG: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/d24ad7f17d861ec98cb7b3deecb4c75eefb44c12/meetings/2023-05-25.md?plain=1#L32 (recording available)
   * Steve - we are using scorecard and picking and choosing depending on the ecosystem

* Discuss: Request for Information on Open-Source Software Security: Areas of Long-Term Focus and Prioritization [#53](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/53)
   * Chris - Cyber Resilience Act, on our radar?

## Q&A, Other

* OSTIF audit starting with nvm

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
