# OpenJS Foundation Security Collab Space Meeting 2023-07-31

## Links

* **Recording**:
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/48

## Present

* Ben Sternthal (bensternthal)
* Steve Husak (shusak) - Capital One
* Ulises Gascon (ulisesgascon)
* Chris de Almeida (ctcpip) - IBM

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **security-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

### openjs-foundation/security-collab-space

* Having a centralized signing tool for our toolchain [#46](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/46)
   * Beth - bootstrapping issue, could not justify using sigstore (currently).
   * Node, Technically assets are not signed (diff from mac/win install)
   * ‚ÄúSigning sha is halfway‚Äù and it is required by CII Best practices (silver level) (see: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/9c683bd6902560569f5bb019feda5c65335f21ba/tools/ossf_best_practices/silver_criteria.md#secure-release)
   * Matt, incremental approach
   * Beth - https://www.python.org/download/sigstore/
   * Beth - also looking to level up (Slsa level 1) (jenkins does not give provenance in the way GH actions does)
   * Ulises - discussion with LF IT on GHA and what stays on jenkins
   * Beth - node is a bit of a special case when it comes to signing.. It does not look like a typical JS project (Matt agreed)
* Beth & Ulises doing followup research

* Create a prescriptive best practices toolchain [#45](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space/issues/45)
   * Matt - create concept and initial GHA workflow, create the toolbelt and then start adding in tools. Get the right level so project holders are on board. 
   * Ulises - agree good idea to start with a scorecard, matt how do you envision this tooling?
   * Matt - create a standard workflow with standard actions that people can copy paste into their project code. Upong agreement on foundation level, things can be added. There is consensus on what gets added to the standard tool belt. What is on and off has to be documented. 
   * Beth - have we gone to the projects and done an audit (are you doing static analysis, if so what tool (etc) , this can be an input into the tool belt
   * Matt - having a project to gate what is in or out of the tool belt is the way to go (give folks a granular workflow that can be used a la carte)
   * Robin - we can have jordan work on the above
   * Chris - the answer from package maintainers for most of the above could often be ‚Äòwe are not doing anything‚Äô.
   * Matt - need to support both large projects and single release projects, two basic sizes (ideally)
   * Steve - do we have the list of the category of tools?
   * Matt - lets agree on framework, concept, agree on personas (small, medium, large) figure out initial tool for the toolbelt, document and expand out from there.
  * Chris - would be good to have a concise problem statement so we can explore the solution space to that problem.
   * Next steps! 
      * Ben take a stab at writing the problem statement for this 

## Q&A, Other
*Matt - related to SBOMS, dont let perfect get in the way of moving forward, this includes not requiring a tool written in JS
*Beth - Why isn‚Äôt npm just generating SBOMs for JS projects on publish to npm? ü§î They have most of the inferable information in the package-lock

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

